I have fun speaking to us today and he
seemed too settled in real irelia at say
yeah what do you put that doctor annual
our players from past Mills the days
like Java and BT and Nick the fitness
culture my doorman also came in which is
a big big help for me son all very well
I don't think it's I'm still living at
home as well so you know it's not that
I'm staying down here and plus I'm
enjoying my football's about went
straight into the TV also helps you know
settle in with the lads or so far so
good and you seem to really enjoy any
football and certainly make any impact
for the team so Mike Batali to just play
natural game
yeah you just told me if you know stays
wide as I can and when I get the water
to be as positive as I can
I think in all the games you know I'm
trying to do that every time I got the
ball you know I've never looked
backwards I'll always look forward and
so I take on my fallback get shots and
crosses which I think I'm doing I've
been a lying leak one with Shrewsbury
early season and knowing a number of
decks Middlesbrough lights here in the
squad Thomas about me selling definitely
law in the true to be was a little bit
different at this one you know I lived a
weird there's a long way from all and I
live down there you know I didn't know
anyone there had a maker made friends
with the players and the managers and
the courts and stuff so you know this
one seems like a little bit of a breeze
compared that one you know like you said
I do know a lot of players here which
always helps
Plus you know I'm just enjoying my
football and swords it's always easy and
what has been your overall impression of
graft itself I know the ground the fun
bit so you got a good feel for the club
so very good feel you know it was think
for the crew here he was staying with
they have been thousand but once they
get tuned you know feels like the state
thousand they're very positive group of
fans you know they kept behind a team
straight away especially know we're a
little sort of negative run at the
minute of games can't find a win but
they're always stuck with us hopefully
won't repair with that elusive win you
mentioned it on despite the club's
unfortunate research when I'm guessing
is still must be a level of confidence
you know especially your addressing you
say plays like you know davis-jones
place like that you know there we know
well sitting on the side it definitely I
mean yeah like you said we're a band or
a games but it's gonna have to change
sometime in all the players there's the
confidence hasn't changed at all hasn't
wavered since I've came not as the
managers in the coaches stuff you know
we all have our waves personally and as
a team we've just got to keep going and
Hoffy
you know get a little better look we
need we get a positive resolve all free
tomorrow means Comrie and then you know
once you get one win it seems to be like
snowball effect in all-star picking up
points
you